12.2. The contractual relationship between Orion eM and its partners and clients ends with the termination of the concluded contracts between these entities, all in accordance with the conditions stipulated in those contracts.

12.3. In case of termination of the subscription relationship and/or concluded contract, User must regulate all obligations towards Orion eM incurred up to the date of termination.

13. Final provisions

13.1. Orion eM can at any time change the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the prices of services within the Orion eMobility Service, the offer of the specified services as well as their content.

13.2. Orion eM undertakes to inform Users of all changes, by publishing the notice on its website, and if necessary and in accordance with specific circumstances, by electronic written notification or in the eMobility application itself.

13.3. If any User continues to use the services after receiving notification of the changes, he is considered to have agreed with them.

13.4. Orion eM reserves the right to update and modify the eMobility application by changing its content without specifically notifying the user, so it will not be responsible for possible consequences resulting from such changes.

13.5. In the event that any part of these General Terms and Conditions is found to be inappropriate or invalid, this will not affect the rest of its provisions, which will continue to apply.

13.6. These General Terms and Conditions are an integral part of the contracts concluded by Orion eM with partners and clients. At the same time, the end user’s consent to Terms and Conditions is a necessary prerequisite for using the eMobility application.

13.7. Relations between the User and Orion eM are regulated by positive regulations of the Republic of Serbia. The court in Belgrade is competent for all mutual disputes that cannot be resolved by agreement.

13.8. These General Terms and Conditions enter into force on August 1, 2023. years

Važne informacije:

Orion eMobility početna

Politika privatnosti Orion eMobility servisa

Korisničko uputstvo

Privatni Korisnici

Optički paketi

Prepaid Optički Internet

HIT ADSL akcija: Ostani slobodan!

PREMIUM Optički paketi

Televizija

Fiksna Telefonija

Boosteroid Gaming platforma

Hosting

Poslovni Korisnici

eMobility

eFiskal

eFaktura

Antivirus

Clean Pipe

Data Centar

Internet

SD-WAN

Enterprise WiFi

Fiksna telefonija

Online shop

Hosting

Biznis Gigant paketi

Podrška

Korisnički servis

eRačun

Upis u registar “Ne zovi”

Online prodavnica

Prodajna i uplatna mesta

Uputstva

Drajveri

Orion telekom

O nama

Opšti uslovi i cenovnici

Pravilnik o zaštiti ličnih podataka

Parametri kvaliteta

Vesti

Karijera

Kontakt

Postani naš korisnik

Postani naš prodajni partner

ORION TELEKOM DOO BEOGRAD Naselje Zemun Polje Mala Pruga 8 11080 Beograd-Zemun

Copyright © 2024. ORION TELEKOM DOO BEOGRAD