1.4. Orion eM is the owner of the software solution, i.e. the eMobility platform, and is also authorized to assign to third parties (Partners, clients, end users) the license for the use of this platform/software, which is based on the aforementioned software solution. Orion eM is also the operator of the entire system for charging for all services within the Orion eMobility Service, i.e. the sale of Orion eM chargers, charging for the use of the eMobility platform as well as charging for the services of using the chargers themselves, i.e. charging for the service of charging electric vehicles at Orion eM chargers by end users. Orion eM can entrust the provision of certain services within the Orion eMobility service to the Partner, i.e. the client based on a mutually concluded contract.

1.5. The use of electric vehicle charging services at Orion eM chargers by end users is made possible through the eMobility application, which users can download from existing online stores (Play Store for users of Android operating systems, or Apple Store for users of IOS operating systems). By downloading the application, the use of electric vehicle charging services is also enabled for roaming users, i.e. users who use the aforementioned charging services abroad at electric vehicle charging stations that, in accordance with the concluded Contract, belong to Orion eMa Partners. Using the electric vehicle charging service is also possible through RFID cards that end users can download from Orion eM Partners.

1.6. The operating conditions and use of electric vehicle charging services at charging stations, when the services are used by roaming users, are subject to the legislation of the country in which these services are used.

1.7. The price lists, which will be available to Partners as well as end users, determine the regular prices of using the Orion eMobility Service, individual services within the Service itself, equipment, Orion eM chargers, as well as the amount of fees in case of violation of prescribed obligations by these persons, which Orion eM has the right to charge as the manager of the Orion eMobility System and the operator of the wholesale system for charging services within the Orion eMobility System.

1.8. All information about the applicable General Terms and Conditions, prices of all services, as well as contact information, are listed within the eMobility application.

1.9. In the event of a change and/or revision of the General Terms and Conditions, in order to continue using the eMobility application, its users will be asked to agree to the amended General Terms and Conditions.

2. Installation of the eMobility application, user registration

2.1. Services within the Orion eMobility Service intended for end users (such as electric car/vehicle charging service, billing for this service, etc.) can be used by these persons through the eMobility application. Registration of end users is done through the mentioned application. By entering all the required data and finally giving the consent of the end user to these General Terms and Conditions, the subscription relationship between the end user and Orion eM is concluded and at the same time the account of these users is created in order to use all available services within the Orion eMobility Service.

2.2. The subscription relationship is concluded for an indefinite period of time. The use of services is possible only after the activation of the end user’s account. The subscription relationship is concluded through the eMobility application and any verbal agreements are no valid. All changes related to the use of the application itself are possible only on active accounts of end users.

2.3. During the registration itself, it is also necessary for the end user to agree to the processing of personal data entered in the application itself, which processing is carried out in accordance with the Law on the Processing of Personal Data as well as the Privacy Policy published on the Orion eM website. In the event that the user wishes to receive personalized and other marketing offers, upon acceptance of these General Terms and Conditions, he simultaneously gives his special consent to the processing of data required for these purposes. In order to create personalized offers, and in order to adjust the offers to the end user, Orion eM is authorized to access the database with all user transactions.

2.4. The information provided by the user during the registration and creation of his user account must be true, accurate and complete, and the user guarantees the accuracy of the data that he directly submitted, that is, entered in the application itself. The use of the eMobility application is permitted to persons who are 18 years of age or older.

2.5. The end user is obliged to, in the event of a change in his personal data, immediately enter the resulting changes into his user account. If the user does not make the necessary changes, Orion eM can temporarily prevent the use of the services. All financial and legal burdens resulting from the untimely change of personal data will be borne by the user. If the user does not inform Orion eM about the change in personal data, it will be considered that invoices and all other messages sent to the user at the registered addresses given at the time of registration of his user account have been received.

2.6. The user confirms that he uses the application solely at his own risk, and irrevocably agrees that Orion eM does not give any guarantees or take responsibility for any possible damages that the user suffers when using the application and the Internet. The user releases Orion eM from any responsibility for guaranteeing the availability of the Internet, given that Orion eM has no control over it.

2.7. By downloading and installing the application, the user accepts all risks that may arise from its use, and undertakes to use the content of the application exclusively for personal use and at his own risk. The user undertakes to do everything in his power to ensure that no third party comes into possession of the device on which the application is installed, and that he will not allow anyone to gain unauthorized access to his personal account on the eMobility application. If the end user and the actual user of the services are not the same person, the end user is directly responsible to Orion eM for the actions of the actual user.

3. Copyright

3.1. Documents, data and information published on the application can only be used for the individual needs of the user with respect for all copyright and proprietary rights as well as the rights of third parties. Documents, data and information published on the eMobility application may not be reproduced, distributed or used for commercial purposes, nor may it be used in any way that may cause damage to Orion eM or any third party.

3.2. The user does not acquire any copyright or intellectual property rights to the content offered to users by Orion eM. The owner of the copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights on the license, i.e. the eMobility application, is Orion eM.

3.3. If the client, Partner and/or end user is enabled to use the software, i.e. the eMobility application in order to use the individual services within the Orion eMobility Service, specified in these General Terms and Conditions, these persons have the right and obligation to use the said software/application in accordance with terms of the given license. In the event that Orion eM contracts special license terms for the use of the software/platform, i.e. the eMobility platform, the special license terms will take precedence over those established in these General Terms and Conditions.