3.7. The License and the eMobility platform itself that may be used by the Licensee are provided as is, without any warranties or guarantees. Orion eM excludes, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all warranties, including warranties of non-defects, merchantability, satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose.

3.8. Orion eM is not responsible for any damage suffered by any user through the use of the license, eMobility platform and application and services within the same, and the user fully releases Orion eM from responsibility for any consequences arising from the user’s actions or omissions resulting from the use or misuse content of the eMobility application, as well as for any damage that may be caused to the user or any third party in connection with the use or misuse of the content of the application.

4. Using the eMobility application

4.1. The eMobility application allows registered users, i.e. users who have established a subscription relationship with Orion eM, the following:

ccess to the instructions for using/setting up the eMobility application with consent to access and use mobile device services,

use and payment of the electric vehicle charging service at Orion eM chargers within the Orion eMobility Service,

using an interactive map that shows the network of Orion eM chargers within the Orion eMobility Service, as well as a display of currently available chargers,

the possibility of booking a specific charger,

defining and managing the code for accessing the part of the eMobility application for paying for the charging service,

sending notifications about the used services to the user’s registered e-mail address and reviewing all transactions,

access to all their user account data, and the history of all electric vehicle charging transactions,

review and modification of personal data of registered users,

display of marketing messages and notifications as well as display and storage of personalized marketing offers,

the option to delete the account in case of stopping the use of the eMobility application

4.2. Orion eM reserves the right to update and modify the application by changing its content without specifically notifying the user, so it will not be responsible for possible consequences resulting from such changes.

5. Use of the Orion eM chargers

5.1. In order to prevent damage, if there is a risk of damage or if damage has already occurred, the Partner, clients, end users (further: Users) as well as Orion eM are obliged to take all measures to prevent or limit damage that can reasonably be requested and demand from them. Orion eM is not responsible for any damage resulting from possible hidden defects, nor for damage that may occur due to the possible cessation of functioning or loss of functionality of the charger for electric vehicles.

5.2. Orion eM clients are obliged to provide infrastructure conditions and all rights/permisions (if nedeed) for installation, that is, installation and operation of Orion eM chargers, as well as to provide technical conditions for their successful installation and correct operation before installation, to provide appropriate equipment as well as other conditions necessary for their correct operation functioning at the required locations, to allow authorized persons of Orion eM access to the chargers for installing software and other content required for their smooth operation, to enable public use of Orion eM chargers as well as to perform an administrative level of support and in this sense to provide end users with all necessary information in connection with Orion eMobility services. Orion eM does not guarantee the correct operation of the chargers in case the client does not provide the technical conditions for their successful installation and proper functioning. Possible re-installations in the event that the client does not provide the specified conditions are the responsibility of the client.

5.3. The user of the Orion eM charger is obliged to maintain all the equipment and installations of the electric vehicle being charged in proper condition so that they meet the requirements established by the regulations and manufacturer’s instructions at all times. Technical requirements for the use of charging points, i.e. chargers for electric vehicles, can be found on the Orion eM website, as well as at charging points, and the User is obliged to fully comply with them.

5.4. When using the Orion eM charger, each user is obliged to carefully follow the instructions for use. Instructions are prominently displayed on each Orion eM charger separately, as well as at charging points.

5.5. Users are fully responsible to Orion eM and all third parties for any consequence or damage that is caused or that arises due to non-fulfillment of the contractual requirements from this section 5. and undertake to compensate the damage in full along with all incurred costs.

5.6. Users are responsible for damage caused by Orion eM or any third party due to damage and/or failure of the Orion eM charger that occurred due to non-compliance with the given instructions, carelessness or negligence of said persons.

5.7. Users are obliged that if they notice any malfunction or problem when using the Orion eM charger, they will immediately act according to the instructions that are clearly displayed at the charging point or on the chargers, and to notify Orion eM immediately.

5.8. Orion eM is not responsible for the stability of the power system. In the event of a grid failure, the company responsible for the power system must without delay either increase the production of electricity from other sources or reduce consumption. Charging points can be automatically ordered to reduce charging power in the event of a network failure. Interruption of charging is usually short-lived, and it can manifest itself through a change in the charging speed or an interruption of charging of the electric vehicle, that is, through the return of energy from the battery of the electric vehicle to the grid in the case of V2G systems.

6. Use of the Orion eM chargers via RFID card

6.1. Using the electric vehicle charging service at Orion eM chargers, as well as charging for the aforementioned service, can be done via RFID cards. Orion eM can provide the mentioned RFID cards in the agreed number to Partners as well as clients, in accordance with mutual agreement. At the same time, end users can purchase a suitable RFID card from Partners and clients, based on which they will be able to use the available chargers.

6.2. The partner/client/end user is fully responsible for the storage/use of the RFID card, as well as for all actions performed with the RFID card within the limits of access rights during its validity.

6.3. The partner/client as well as the end user are obliged to immediately inform Orion eM in case of loss of the RFID card, in which case the card will be cancelled. In case of loss, a new RFID card can be issued at the price specified in the Orion eM price list.

7. Rights and obligations in connection with the use of the Orion eMobility Service

7.1. Users are obliged to use all services within the Orion eMobility Service in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions, given instructions, valid legal regulations governing the specific matter as well as other agreements with Orion eM.

7.2. Users are obliged to:

to refrain from any action or interference with the technological infrastructure or charging infrastructure of Orion eM that could lead to its failure or damage its integrity,

to refrain from harmful effects on technological or charging infrastructure, processes and data,

to notify Orion eM without delay of any disruptions, interruptions or damage to charging points, i.e. chargers within the Orion eM network, which they observe or are informed about while using the services,