9.11. Orion eM stores and processes data on completed transactions, that is, on services used, which it needs to collect claims from the end user. Orion eM handles data on completed transactions in accordance with the law governing the protection of personal data.

9.12. Orion eM can collect due and unpaid claims against the end user for the used electric vehicle charging services by removing the funds that the user has on his user account. If the user has due and unpaid obligations towards Orion eM, Orion eM can also initiate the procedure of compulsory collection of claims against the user, for the implementation of which it can hire a third party.

10. Customer support

10.1. Orion eM has provided customer support (technical and commercial) to Users (Partners, clients as well as end users) with regard to all services that are the subject of these General Terms and Conditions.

10.2. In the event that the cause of the reported error/disturbance is the responsibility of Orion eM, all support and elimination of the error/disturbance is free of charge.

10.3. Customer support only applies to electric vehicle charging services and is intended for end users. For the operation of the application and the maintenance of the entire charging infrastructure, Orion eM is not obliged to offer customer support services.

10.4. Customer support provided by Orion eM to the end user, if the error/disturbance is caused by the user himself, i.e. when the error and/or disturbance cannot be considered the responsibility of Orion eM, is also charged.

10.5. Orion eM provides Partners and Clients with technical support related to the operation and functioning of the charging infrastructure. Technical support consists of servicing, improvement, maintenance and complete care of the mentioned infrastructure. The risk of accidental failure of Orion eM chargers or their damage (due to theft, fire, force majeure, physical breakage of the entire device or its components, etc.) is borne by the Partner/Client from the moment of installation of each individual charger. Contact for technical support is by e-mail support.emobility@oriontelekom.rs or by phone at +381 11 4100333.

10.6. Orion eM provides end users, i.e. users of the Emobility application, the ability to monitor and control the consumption of funds on their registered user accounts. Orion eM respects the privacy of user data and ensures confidential treatment of data to the greatest extent possible, bearing in mind the nature of the technology itself, the procedures in use and the applicable regulations.

11. Complaints

11.1. If the end user believes that there are irregularities in the calculation, data on the account or believes that there are some other irregularities in connection with the use of services within the Orion eMobiity service, i.e. the service of using the Orion eM charger and/or eMobility application, it is necessary to file a complaint.

11.2. The user can lodge a complaint by sending it to the e-mail address: emobility@oriontelekom.rs or by sending a registered mail to the address Naselje Zemun Polje Mala pruga no. 8.

11.3. Orion eM will not accept complaints that are unclear, incomplete and submitted out of time, as well as complaints that were not submitted by the end user from the official (e-mail) address he used when registering his user account.

11.4. The complaint must contain a precise description of irregularities in the calculation or other reason for the complaint, must contain adequate evidence by which the user proves the existence of irregularities and must be sent directly by the end user of the specific service in connection with which the complaint is lodged.

11.5. The deadline for responding to a complaint is 8 days from the day of its receipt, while the deadline for resolving a complaint is 30 days from the day of its receipt. If, for objective reasons, Orion eM is not able to satisfy the end user’s request within the agreed deadline, it is obliged to inform that user about the extension of the deadline for resolving the complaint and specify the deadline by which it will be resolved, as well as to obtain his consent.

11.6. In cases where the end user has the right to a refund of the funds he paid for using the service of charging his electric vehicle, the refund of these funds is made exclusively through VISA, EC/MC and Maestro payment methods, which means that the bank will, at the request of Orion eM, make the refund funds to the account of the user of the specified payment card.

12. Termination

12.1 The subscription relationship created by user’s registration can end at any time, and it certainly ends if the user deletes the eMobility application from his device, due to the death of the end user, due to the existence of outstanding debt owed by the end user to Orion eM, if the end user commits abuses described in these General Terms conditions, if he does not fulfill the conditions or obligations or otherwise violates the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions or valid regulations and does not act in accordance with the requirements of Orion eM and for other similar reasons.

12.2. The contractual relationship between Orion eM and its partners and clients ends with the termination of the concluded contracts between these entities, all in accordance with the conditions stipulated in those contracts.

12.3. In case of termination of the subscription relationship and/or concluded contract, User must regulate all obligations towards Orion eM incurred up to the date of termination.

13. Final provisions

13.1. Orion eM can at any time change the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the prices of services within the Orion eMobility Service, the offer of the specified services as well as their content.

13.2. Orion eM undertakes to inform Users of all changes, by publishing the notice on its website, and if necessary and in accordance with specific circumstances, by electronic written notification or in the eMobility application itself.

13.3. If any User continues to use the services after receiving notification of the changes, he is considered to have agreed with them.

13.4. Orion eM reserves the right to update and modify the eMobility application by changing its content without specifically notifying the user, so it will not be responsible for possible consequences resulting from such changes.

13.5. In the event that any part of these General Terms and Conditions is found to be inappropriate or invalid, this will not affect the rest of its provisions, which will continue to apply.

13.6. These General Terms and Conditions are an integral part of the contracts concluded by Orion eM with partners and clients. At the same time, the end user’s consent to Terms and Conditions is a necessary prerequisite for using the eMobility application.

13.7. Relations between the User and Orion eM are regulated by positive regulations of the Republic of Serbia. The court in Belgrade is competent for all mutual disputes that cannot be resolved by agreement.

13.8. These General Terms and Conditions enter into force on August 1, 2023. years

Važne informacije:

Orion eMobility početna

Politika privatnosti Orion eMobility servisa

Korisničko uputstvo

Privatni Korisnici

Optički paketi

Prepaid Optički Internet

HIT ADSL akcija: Ostani slobodan!

PREMIUM Optički paketi

Televizija

Fiksna Telefonija

Boosteroid Gaming platforma

Hosting

Poslovni Korisnici

eMobility

eFiskal

eFaktura

Antivirus

Clean Pipe

Data Centar

Internet

SD-WAN

Enterprise WiFi

Fiksna telefonija

Online shop

Hosting

Biznis Gigant paketi

Podrška

Korisnički servis

eRačun

Upis u registar “Ne zovi”

Online prodavnica

Prodajna i uplatna mesta

Uputstva

Drajveri

Orion telekom

O nama

Opšti uslovi i cenovnici

Pravilnik o zaštiti ličnih podataka

Parametri kvaliteta

Vesti

Karijera

Kontakt

Postani naš korisnik

Postani naš prodajni partner